Jehovah provides all of the things we need to accomplish our ministry and to feel secure
no matter what tribulation we face.
We truly have experienced Jehovah's loving support during this pandemic.
Our Heavenly Father, through his organization, has provided just what we've needed to endure
faithfully in our ministry and to stay strong spiritually.
How has the direction to shelter in place affected circuit overseers, construction servants,
field missionaries, and special pioneers?
How have they been able to continue in their ministry, serving Jehovah whole soul and
with joy?
What practical lessons have they learned?
To follow the governing body's direction to shelter in place, we couldn't go in to
see Steve's mother.
She was in aged care just 10 minutes away from where we're based.
She died whilst we were sheltering in place.
This led to another challenge, grieving in isolation.
At the beginning of the shelter in place direction, I had a very difficult time.
I had flashbacks that were very difficult for me.
During the Vietnam War, I was imprisoned because of taking a neutral stand.
I had a reaction to this lockdown of being confined.
Fear of isolation is the biggest challenge for me.
My lovely husband that I've been working with for years, helping those places of worship
for Jehovah was diagnosed with cancer and died for five months.
We especially discerned the value of the direction in November 2020.
When suddenly, I was taken to the hospital because of a serious heart disease and severe
pneumonia.
It turned out that my life was in danger.
The doctors evaluated that if I had contracted the coronavirus in that condition, I would
not have had a chance to survive it.
While sheltering in place, how did these obedient brothers and sisters stay positive and
maintain their physical, emotional and spiritual health?
Even through this, even through the difficult time, having Zoom meetings, having the meetings
for field service, doing witnessing by Zoom, being with the brothers and sisters, I can't
say enough good about it, being able to not meet an hour requirement, but go ahead and
be very busy spiritually.
And so we did a phenomenal amount of shepherding, strengthening, upbuilding, our brothers and
sisters, folks literally from around the world that we knew needed help.
In the governing body, we removed the specific hour requirement.
I felt, I think we felt, their trust.
That gave us more flexibility, and this enabled us to reach out to relatives not in the truth
and to support them during the pandemic, and that has led to regular, continuing Bible
studies.
I really feel how much the governing body cares for us.
Every time they mention in their letters, that they do not require us to reach the required
hours.
Many brothers and sisters today are depressed and experiencing pandemic fatigue.
Usually, they need someone who they can talk to about their problems.
And because of these adjustments, I now have more time to encourage them and help them
to remain spiritually strong.
One sister and I decided to take two hours every day to engage in phone weight nursing
for the first time, even though we didn't know how to go about it.
The second to receive, they said, taught me how to talk about the phone and how to help
people I find and to keep their interest.
Since most congregations I served don't have internet access, I make video recordings
for all talks.
I make a simple platform and set up the microphone and cell phone I used to create the video.
Then I stand in front and start giving the talk.
What blessings did they receive from their obedience?
I was so happy to start a Bible study during the pandemic, especially when I saw how quickly
the student was making progress.
Because of my health, each study session was about 15 to 20 minutes long.
I had to find a good place to conduct the study at the hospital, mainly in the hallway.
One day after the concluding prayer, I noticed the door to a doctor's office was open.
The doctor was listening to our whole Bible study discussion.
I was so happy she attended the study as well.
I am studying with sex of my relatives from the extended family who previously opposed
their good needs.
One of them also told me of the husband noticing they're changing her in the way she treats
and talks to her.
And as a result, the husband and four of the children are also learning the truth.
This from Jehovah has really kept me going.
Recently in my circuit, 59 Bible students progressed to baptism.
Unity within families is another blessing.
Parents are spending a lot of time conducting Bible studies with their children.
Our Christian life is compared to a race, and this is not a short race.
There are unexpected things that can happen to us.
By striving to obey from the heart now, we can be prepared to obey the directions that
we are going to receive in the great tribulation.
We are sure this is not the last time we have to be obedient.
We see Bible prophecies being fulfilled right in front of our eyes, and ahead of us are
even greater events that will bring larger trials.
James, chapter 1, verses 2 and 3, helps us despite trials to keep joy, deep joy in our
hearts, and it ensures us that all difficult situations will help us to work on endurance,
and this quality will help to cope with trials to come.
I personally have benefited from following the governing body's direction.
I've actually felt joy every day, and I can only put that down to the blessing from
Jehovah God on our efforts to be obedient.
We both benefited from the direction from the governing body, because we trust.
They are the faithful and discrete slave Christ Jesus is directing them.
I am so absolutely grateful to the governing body for providing direction that is blessing
every single one of us around the earth.
Just like you, these dear ones have made great sacrifices to continue serving Jehovah whole
soul during this pandemic, and no doubt we've all learned the value of applying the words
as a second Timothy, chapter 4, verse 2, preach the word, be edit urgently in favourable
times and difficult times.
For a certainty, neither this pandemic nor any other difficult times to come will stop
our preaching work, and more importantly, prevent Jehovah's loving care.